Create monitors using the App Catalog info added (#4103)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/alerts/monitors/create-monitor.md

1. From a Dashboard, hover your mouse over a panel, click the kebab icon, then **Open in Log Search**.
1. From your log search view, click the kebab icon in the upper right corner, then **Create a Monitor**.

#### From your App Catalog

1. In the **App Catalog > Search Apps** field, search for and then select your app.
1. Navigate to **What's Included** tab and scroll down to the **Monitors** section.

> 1. Click **Create** against the pre-configured monitors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Create** next to the pre-configured monitors.
```
